Publishers: stdout and AMS (#178)
EGI-Foundation/cloud-info-provider: README.md

`glue`, `glue21`, `cmdb`) to use a different formatter. Likewise, the default
location of the templates can be changed using the `--template-dir` option.

#### Publishers

The cloud-info-provider has a pluggable system for producing its output. Two

> if this `publishers` are provided in this repo: `stdout` and `ams`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of these `publishers` are provided in this repo: `stdout` and `ams`:
```

* `stdout`: just prints output to the standard output. This is the default
  publisher and the one to use when the cloud-info-provider is used in a

>   BDII set up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BDII set up.
```
